Okay, one more thing to talk about here,
which is before we saw that it can be
useful to smush groups together, aggregate
them using those group transforms.
Sometimes it can also be
useful to split groups apart.
So in this case,
we have all of these different dots
kind of right on top of each other.
So it kind of starts to get obscured,
like,
it looks like maybe we have some
other blue or red dots in there.
We have some kind of red and
blue dots mixed in together.
It becomes a little bit difficult to see
exactly which device categories are where
because they're all kind of on top
of each other on this one plot.
So as an additional exploration
of our data, what we can do is
separate out those three device groups,
desktop, mobile and
tablet to see if there are any
hidden details that we can reveal.
So what we're gonna do for splitting those
apart is using a concept called facets,
which we spoke briefly about earlier.
So facets which are also called small
multiples in some cases, these are these
smaller minicharts that essentially
visualize just a subset of the data.
And when we put many of those small
charts together, those small multiples,
we can compare different subsets of
the data set that we're interested in.
So in this case, our data set naturally
lends itself to these three kinds of nice
little subsets, the desktop devices,
the mobile devices and the tablets.
And so what we're going to do is use
plot to tell it with its notion of
faceting to split this dot plot up,
this type of plot that we have here.
We're gonna tell plot to split it up
into three smaller plots, each one,
corresponding to one of
the device categories.
Okay, so the syntax for
specifying facets in plots
is that when we make our
call to that .plot method.
In addition to all of our settings for
the different scales and
the margins and other kinds of
layout properties like that.
We can specify a facet object,
facet property which then we
give as a value an object,
which has a couple of main features.
So one is that we're gonna tell plot which
data we want it to be faceting based on.
In this case, it's gonna be the same
data that we're using to draw our plot.
There might be cases where you want to
split up data in your plot based on some
other corresponding data, but
in this case it's the same data.
And then we want to tell
plot which property
in the data we want to use as
the splitting property and
which channel we want to split across.
So for example if I want
to split across vertically,
if I wanna make vertical facets here
that will be the wide channel and
then the name of whatever feature
I want to split based on.
So what we're gonna do in our
next exercise is trying to make
some faceted plots out of
the .plot that we just created.
So I'm just gonna copy this one into here.
So you all can copy.
I'm copying my solution, but
you can copy whatever your solution
was into this cell here and
then modify it to add
facets using this syntax.
So it's up to you which way
you wanna split things.
You can play around with it and
see what feels best.
But what we wanna do is use the device
type as the faceting feature.